README.md, before:

# BioinformaticsProject
### Dataset
[RNA-seq transcript and gene data on zika exposed and zika naïve samples](https://www.refine.bio/experiments/SRP192714/rna-seq-transcript-and-gene-data-on-zika-exposed-and-zika-naive-samples?ref=search)
- Description: Data containing information on child patients during early acute, late acute, and convalescent (recovery) stages of Zika virus infection. Also notes whether patients have been prior infected with Dengue, another flavivirus.
### Scientific Question
Is there a difference in immune system expression in Zika-infected children between those who have never been exposed to Dengue virus and those who have?

---

Repository for CGS4144 semester project.


# Downloading Dataset

Go to https://www.refine.bio/dataset/e868fa17-ca3a-4c69-b1e9-0403e4f47047 and download the .zip file, extracting its contents to /data (If this link does not work, go to the dataset page and request a download link from there)

# Converting Dataset to utilize Gene Names/Symbols

Run ConvertEnsemblToSymbol.R to complete step 1b

Commit message:

Updated 1a and 1b to Assignment 2 Rmd file

README.md, after:

# BioinformaticsProject
### Dataset
[RNA-seq transcript and gene data on zika exposed and zika naïve samples](https://www.refine.bio/experiments/SRP192714/rna-seq-transcript-and-gene-data-on-zika-exposed-and-zika-naive-samples?ref=search)
- Description: Data containing information on child patients during early acute, late acute, and convalescent (recovery) stages of Zika virus infection. Also notes whether patients have been prior infected with Dengue, another flavivirus.
### Scientific Question
Is there a difference in immune system expression in Zika-infected children between those who have never been exposed to Dengue virus and those who have?

---

Repository for CGS4144 semester project.


# Downloading Dataset

Go to https://www.refine.bio/dataset/e868fa17-ca3a-4c69-b1e9-0403e4f47047 and download the .zip file, extracting its contents to /data (If this link does not work, go to the dataset page and request a download link from there)

# Assignment 2 can be completed by running Assignment2.Rmd
